replacing bread with brown bread the
recent growth in the bakery products
industry in India and the popularity of
the Western breads as the staple food by
most of the cultures has brought about a
revolution the bread related industry is
thriving in the country and the palates
of the young people are now craving for
delicious mayonnaise or a variety of
cheese sandwiches the market has come
out with an assortment of breads right
from fruit flavoured breads to breads
containing various spices it brings in
droves of people of all ages as the hot
appetizing smells of baked goods walked
out of bakeries that have cropped up at
every street corner harmful effects of
white bread once again the dietitians
are coming out with statistics pointing
out that harmful effects of eating bread
bread is indeed fattening it is
considered as a high carbohydrate energy
food equivalent to potatoes or rice also
bread is traditionally eaten with butter
jam or cheese spreads surmounting the
amount of calories added to the diet